- [Instructor] Now, let's check out how we could delete
an existing document in MongoDB.
Let's open up IntelliJ,
and then open up the Reservation Services Info class.
Let's jump to line 51,
delete Reservation.
Let use our reactive Mongo template,
and call the method, remove.
Let's pass in a query,
and set the criteria,
where the id field
is equal to the passed in id.
Then let's add in
the Reservation Class,
as the document type.
Let's be sure that Reservation Class
is a argument to the remove method.
The remove method, returns a Mono
that emits a delete result.
If we click into delete result,
it contains two fields.
Acknowledged and Delete count.
Let's go ahead and use flat map,
and take that delete result,
and return a Mono that admits a Boolean,
based on whether the delete result was acknowledged.
Let's use command, ALT-L, to format.
Since MongoDB is a distributed database,
a delete result won't necessarily propagate
to every single node
before you get a successful acknowledgement.
However, we will return true,
if a delete operation was acknowledged.